okay the fury warrior rotation now it's
a rotation and it's a priority queue the
rotation is world one let their
splutters repeat everything else is
gonna revolve around that all your use
of Schlampe rocks and other abilities so
you're gonna go whirlwind blood thirst
and then after that first blood thirst
you've got a free global cooldown to
basically that's for using slammed rocks
that's gonna be your the first option
that you're gonna want to use if you
don't have a slam proc you can use
something like a heroic throw just to
you know fill it in or cast recklessness
or berserker rage Presiden you don't
need to use it to break a fear at any
point that's also the best time to cast
your cooldowns
now if you notice my blood thirst are
starting to cut into my whirlwind I
don't remember the exact amount of
milliseconds and I've got somethin
you're just havin keeping track of
anyway the amount of milliseconds where
did that cutting starts to interfere
with your DBS and becomes a DBS loss all
I know is that it does eventually become
a DPS loss if you allow to keep cutting
so all I do is just when it starts to
get really close it's getting pretty
close now I'll just let it fall off
I didn't cast a bloodthirster and I just
started back over with whirlwind to kind
of reset my rotation and now it's you
know back in sync and we're good to go
and so thanks for watching if you have
any comments or feedback please feel
free to let me know everything's been
helpful